---
title: Eligibility for Appointment as a JSO
permalink: /careers/eligibility-for-appointment/as-a-jso/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Eligibility for Appointment
variant: tiptap
---
<p>The general requirements/criteria for possible appointment to the Singapore Judicial Service as a Judicial Service Officer (“JSO”) are that the applicant should have graduated with a law degree from:</p><p>(a) the NUS, the SMU or the SUSS; or</p><p>(b) a Scheduled University in England, Australia, New Zealand or the USA and have passed the DipSing or the Part A of the Singapore Bar Examinations and be a “qualified person” as defined in the Legal Profession Act 1966/the Legal Profession (Qualified Persons) Rules.</p><p><strong>Undergraduates/JD Students:</strong></p><p>Undergraduates studying for an LLB programme at the NUS, the SMU or the SUSS or an LLB/B.A. Law/B.A. (Hons) Juris programme at a Scheduled University, and candidates studying for a JD programme at the NUS, the SMU, the SUSS or a Scheduled University, and who have successfully completed at least their second year of study, may apply to be interviewed for the possible offer of “conditional” appointment as a JSO.</p><p>The possible confirmation of the offer of the “conditional” appointment as a JSO will be reviewed on the candidate’s full/successful completion of the LLB/B.A. Law/B.A. (Hons) Juris/JD programme and being awarded the requisite qualification.</p><p><strong>Graduates with 5 years’ or less experience:</strong></p><p>Candidates with five years or less of strong relevant legal work experience (and who fully satisfy the requirements/criteria specified at paragraph 1 above) may apply to be considered for possible shortlisting for an interview for appointment as a JSO.</p><p><strong>Mid-Careers with more than 5 years’ experience:</strong></p><p>Mid-career candidates with more than five years of strong relevant legal work experience (and who fully satisfy the requirements/criteria specified at paragraph 1 above) may also apply to be considered for possible shortlisting for an interview for appointment as a JSO.</p><p><strong>2-stage Selection Process</strong></p><p><u>Stage 1: Recruitment Interviews</u></p><p>The next set of recruitment interviews for applicants who are shortlisted for an interview would be on 15 Apr 2024.</p><p>Applicants who are keen to be considered for possible shortlisting for an interview on 15 Apr 2024 would be required to submit their application by 6 Mar 2024.</p><p>Please note that all applicants are required to provide/include in their application - for the consideration of the relevant Shortlisting/Interview Panel - the following (in not more than one page each [in Arial; font size 14] with their name at the bottom left corner):</p><p>(a) a Personal Statement;</p><p>(b) a Write-up<br>on why he/she is applying to join the Judicial Service as a JSO and how and what he/she can contribute to the Judicial Service and the administration of justice; and</p><p>(c) a summary of his/her legal work experience (where applicable).</p><p><u>Stage 2: Written Assignment &amp; Judicial Service Selection Programme </u>(<u>“JSSP"</u>)</p><p>Please also note that candidates identified at the interviews may be required to:</p><p>(a) complete a take-home written assignment via email ahead of the JSSP; and</p><p>(b) be physically present to attend the JSSP to enable the Judicial Service to better assess their suitability for a judicial appointment. The JSSP is currently slated for 29 Apr 2024.</p><p></p>